README.md, before:

# Urdfpy

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mmatl/urdfpy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mmatl/urdfpy)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/urdfpy/badge/?version=latest)](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mmatl/urdfpy/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mmatl/urdfpy?branch=master)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/urdfpy.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/urdfpy)

Urdfpy is a simple and easy-to-use library for loading, manipulating, saving,
and visualizing URDF files.

Extensive API documentation is provided [here](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/blob/master/docs/source/_static/robotiq.gif?raw=true" alt="GIF of Viewer" width="300"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/blob/master/docs/source/_static/ur5.gif?raw=true" alt="GIF of Viewer" width="300"/>
</p>

## Installation
You can install urdfpy directly from pip.

```bash
pip install urdfpy
```

## User Guide
Please see the user guide [here](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples/index.html) for
more information.

Commit message:

apply fixes in open pull requests

README.md, after:

# Urdfpy

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mmatl/urdfpy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mmatl/urdfpy)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/urdfpy/badge/?version=latest)](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mmatl/urdfpy/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mmatl/urdfpy?branch=master)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/urdfpy.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/urdfpy)

Urdfpy is a simple and easy-to-use library for loading, manipulating, saving,
and visualizing URDF files.

Extensive API documentation is provided [here](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/blob/master/docs/source/_static/robotiq.gif?raw=true" alt="GIF of Viewer" width="300"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/blob/master/docs/source/_static/ur5.gif?raw=true" alt="GIF of Viewer" width="300"/>
</p>

## Installation
The original repository can be installed with 
```bash
pip install urdfpy
```
However, this fork contains some fixes which are yet to be merged into the original repository ([this](https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/pull/6) and [this](https://github.com/mmatl/urdfpy/pull/2). Therefore you can instead install this fork using:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/sthoduka/urdfpy.git
```

## User Guide
Please see the user guide [here](https://urdfpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples/index.html) for
more information.
